Brother, I'm a little hungry
I'll leave after dinner, okay?
Chenchen, my stomach is almost hungry
Is there any food at home?
Xinger wants to eat, of course
I'll make it for you now.
Chenchen is still the best for me
Walk, walk, let's go eat
Assistant Su, nice to meet you
Hello Miss Guo
This Gu Xixi
It should be Gu Qingcheng's sister
No wonder Gu Qingcheng is full of me every time he sees me
Meaning because his sister likes to stand here
Miss Gu, what are you staring at me for?
I'm here too. Show me!
I am watching 4 processes raw and beautiful.
So I took a few more glances
Block thousands of private messages, sister is really beautiful, right?
The assistant is so beautiful
There should be a lot of people chasing you
A lot.
But don't worry, Miss Gu, I'm married.
And I love my husband very much.
Will never become
You pursue the stumbling blocks on the road
The personal assistant is self-aware